tst_filler/README.md, before:

# Fill in TST form

**Prerequisites**:
1. Have python>=3.10 installed on your system
2. A project on the google console, with access to the google drive api: https://console.cloud.google.com/workspace-api

**Install dependencies**:  
```bash
make install
```

**Run tool**:  
```console
$ venv/bin/python fill_tob.py --help
Usage: fillTob [options] <output-file>

Fill in the TST form for a given citizen and tax data

Arguments:
  output-file                   The name of the filled in form file

Options:
  --form-file <path>            Path to the TST form file (pdf) that we should fill in. (default: "/home/guillaume/Documents/taxes/tst-filler/form-original.pdf")
  --signature-location <value>  The geographical location where the signature of the document is taking place (default: "Bruxelles")
  --signature-file <path>       Path to the image file that should be used as a signature.
  --tax-person <path>           Path to a file containing the data on the person filling in the form
  --tax-data <path>             Path to a file containing the data on the actual tax to pay to the state
  -h, --help                    display help for command
```

Commit message:

README(s) updated + command description added

tst_filler/README.md, after:

# Fill in TST form

**Prerequisites**:
1. Have python>=3.10 installed on your system

**Install dependencies**:  
```bash
make install
```

**Run tool**:  
```console
$ tst_filler/venv/bin/python -m tst_filler.fill_tob --help
Usage: python -m tst_filler.fill_tob [OPTIONS]

  Fill in the TST form for a given citizen and tax data.

  Arguments:     TAX_DATA : Data containing all the tax information required
  to fill the belgian tst pdf.

      TST_REPORT: Path to trade republic report.

      OUTPUT_FILE : File path where to save the resulting pdf.

      TAX_PERSON : Path to a file containing the data on the person filling in
      the form.

      TAX_SIGNATURE : Path to a file image containing the signature.

      SIGNATURE_LOCATION : Location (city) where the document has been signed.

      FORM_FILE : Belgian tst pdf template file to fill.

Options:
  --tax-data FILE       Path to a file containing the data on the actual tax
                        to pay to the state  [required]
  --output-file FILE    Folder containing trade republic report(s) in google
                        drive.  [required]
  --tax-person FILE     Path to a file containing the data on the person
                        filling in the form.  [required]
  --tax-signature FILE  Path to a file image containing the signature.
                        [required]
  --form-file FILE      Belgian tst  pdf template file to fill.  [required]
  --help                Show this message and exit.
```
